# June 30, 2017

## In Attendance

- Dann
- Khurram
- Leo
- Richard
- Dmitri

## Highlights & Decisions

- Meetings bi-weekly for 1h at 1230p/330p instead of 11:30 (Dan moved cal entry right away :)
- Need to Fork Abby's Open Leadership series and Open Canvas material which can and should the basis for ours.
  - Aim is to talk about it async as work progresses
- KV to put in Vancouver OSS projects given from Richard
  - KV to try and find smaller ones
- KV to work through and hopefully file Corp documentation (registration as NFP)
- Richard's advice re meetings and discussions was great
  - Eventually aim for 30m meetings but for next few will do 1h but end early if done
  - Use GitHub repos to record notes and have discussions via issues
- Everyone felt that focus on curriculum (discuss, etc) was the next big piece