# July 14, 2017

## In Attendance

## Agenda

- [ 5m] Progress report on previous TODOs from everyone
- [ 5m] Any updates / news to share? [5m]
- [30m] Discuss curriculum (hopefully Abby can take us through it a bit)
  - Goal is for everyone to feel acquainted with the outline  & discuss
- [ 5m] Discuss next steps (compile TODOs)

## Updates

- KV working on Vancouver opensourcecities
- KV hasn't had time to work on the corp docs
- KV created meeting repo and populated it a bit (WIP)
- Dan changed DNS for website to go to the github powered website
-

## Highlights & Decisions

Abby's Experience

- Mozilla Open Leaders (just opened round four)
  - Meet every 2 weeks
  - Start with Open Canvas
  - Set goals and road map
  - Go over best practices (CoC, etc)
  - After a month there's a hackathon for contributors
  - At first designed for scientists
  - Demo call (group checkpoint) and the public can come see it

## Plan for next meeting:

- Move curriculum into github (KV)
- Go over high level (headings) for curriculum [Everyone]
- Application process discussion (sketch what it might look like, any open questions, etc)
-



