Notes from Jan 12 Meeting (3:30PM EST / 1 hour)

In attendence:
- Richard, Abby, KV and Dann

## 2017 Retrospective. What did we accomplish?

- Decided on the name!
- Formed the entire Team, had many conversations about what it should be and what we could do
- Fostered team spirit! 
- Dann had various converstaions in the TO scene and got amazing feedback and reception
- Wrote and iterated on a short one pager
- It became our Website
- Incorporated as NFP
- Bank account setup
- Github org started setup
- Agreed upon "open" org practice where meeting notes, strategy etc are all public github things
- Educational materials started 
- Free Logo work done (but not deployed)

## Goals for Q1 2018
- Discuss everyone's availability / time commitment for 2018 (with focus on Q1)
- Begin Phase 1: Ops Setup™ (Phase 2 is Real Ops™ ie when we have money locked in)
- Do more than we did in 2017
- Hire / onboard an operator to do some of the things we wrote down below:

### OPERATIONAL / SETUP WORK THAT NEEDS TO GET DONE
- Having conversations about 5-6 figure funding
- Conversations about sponsors or other types of bootstrapping funding
- Conversations about non-money based support (free accounts, etc)
- Conversations about operational things 
- Conversations with OSS partners (marketing / partners)
- Put together a pool of OSS mentors
- Put together a pool of OSS devs (early applicants)
- Collect the OSS local contributor pool (probably mostly first time OSS contributors)
- Get our "docs" in a row => Richard
- Email setup
- Website update (High level design, better messaging for diff targets, not single page therefore)
- Local community manager => TODO KV
- Look into alternatives to make sure we are AWARE
- PM to hold people accountable and coordinate tasks



## Updates from People (and their time commitment in Q1 2018):
 - Abby: Similar commitment
         Not interested in ops stuff like bank account and incorporation
         Vacation not set yet
 - KV: 2w vacations in March and Sept 2018
 - Richard: 
    - Large contract last year which is now over. 
    - Really enjoy this over client work, and even when I have lots of it, I'd love to continue on
    - More productive when on Vacation. Find ways to send Richard on vacays
    - NAFTA visa
    - Blocksense (Mike). May take that role and get a VISA through that as well
    - Leaving 24th to 3rd for Antigua


## TODOs

- KV talk with Izzy and invite him to next call if interested
- KV setup video chat with CSI for next week and invite Richard (optional invite Dann)
  - Talk to them about suggestions for how to approach setup of NFP in terms of funding (get feedback, ideas, connections)
- Dann: Email setup (Due by Jan 19th)
- Abby: New chat program (ZoomChat) given that Appear.in has 4 person limit now
  - Will create meeting or give access to room over Slack since she has a PRO account
- Richard: Help convert the gDocs to Github
- Richard: Going thru db of large OSS contributors (financers) for another initiative so he will try to use it 